<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="x-ua-compatible" content="ie=edge" />
  <title>Bathroom (en)counter - Bryttdaffodil - Haikyuu!!</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    p.message { text-align: center; }
    .meta h1 { font-size: 1.5em; text-align: center; }
    .meta h2 { font-size: 1.25em; text-align: center; }
    .meta h2 { page-break-before: always; }
    .meta .byline { text-align: center; }
    .meta dl.tags { border: 1px solid; padding: 1em; }
    .meta dd { margin: -1em 0 0 10em; }
    .meta .endnote-link { font-size: .8em; }
    /* List child related works under the labeling dt */
    #afterword .meta dd { margin: 1em 0 0 1em; }
    #chapters { font-family: "Nimbus Roman No9 L", "Times New Roman", serif; padding: 1em; }
    .userstuff { font-family: "Nimbus Roman No9 L", "Times New Roman", serif; padding: 1em; }
    /* Invisible headings to help Calibre make a Table of Contents */
    .toc-heading { display: none; }
  </style>
</head>
<body>

<div id="preface">
  <h2 class="toc-heading">Preface</h2>

  <p class="message">
    <b>Bathroom (en)counter</b><br />
    Posted originally on the <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/">Archive of Our Own</a> at <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/works/63779905">http://archiveofourown.org/works/63779905</a>.
  </p>

  <div class="meta">
    <dl class="tags">
          <dt>Rating:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Explicit">Explicit</a></dd>
          <dt>Archive Warning:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/No%20Archive%20Warnings%20Apply">No Archive Warnings Apply</a></dd>
          <dt>Category:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/M*s*M">M/M</a></dd>
          <dt>Fandom:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Haikyuu!!">Haikyuu!!</a></dd>
          <dt>Relationship:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Miya%20Atsumu*s*Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Miya Atsumu/Sakusa Kiyoomi</a></dd>
          <dt>Characters:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Miya%20Atsumu">Miya Atsumu</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Sakusa Kiyoomi</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Komori%20Motoya">Komori Motoya</a></dd>
          <dt>Additional Tags:</dt>
          <dd><a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Alternate%20Universe%20-%20College*s*University">Alternate Universe - College/University</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Soft%20Miya%20Atsumu">Soft Miya Atsumu</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Jock%20Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Jock Sakusa Kiyoomi</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Slight%20Age%20Difference">Slight Age Difference</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Bathroom%20Sex">Bathroom Sex</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Rimming">Rimming</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Premature%20Ejaculation">Premature Ejaculation</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Jealous%20Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Jealous Sakusa Kiyoomi</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Possessive%20Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Possessive Sakusa Kiyoomi</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Bottom%20Miya%20Atsumu">Bottom Miya Atsumu</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Requited%20Love">Requited Love</a>, <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/tags/Tattooed%20Sakusa%20Kiyoomi">Tattooed Sakusa Kiyoomi</a></dd>

        <dt>Language:</dt>
        <dd>English</dd>

      <dt>Stats:</dt>
      <dd>
        Published: 2025-03-11
        Words: 4,474
        Chapters: 1/1
      </dd>
    </dl>
    <h1>Bathroom (en)counter</h1>
    <div class="byline">by <a rel="author" href="http://archiveofourown.org/users/Bryttdaffodil/pseuds/Bryttdaffodil">Bryttdaffodil</a></div>
      <p>Summary</p>
      <blockquote class="userstuff"><p>After years of Atsumu not picking up the hints, the staring, and the blatant flirting, Sakusa takes matters (and Atsumu's ass) into his own hands.</p></blockquote>

      <p>Notes</p>
        <div class="endnote-link">
          See the end of the work for <a href="#endnotes">notes</a>
        </div>


  </div>
</div>


<div id="chapters" class="userstuff">
    <h2 class="toc-heading">Bathroom (en)counter</h2>
    <div class="userstuff">
      <p>
  <span>Atsumu sighed miserably.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He hadn't seen Motoya in ages, the beer in his cup was hot and flat, and he kept getting bumped into by drunk people who didn't even know his name.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He often wondered how he ended up being best friends with Motoya, who was the most social person he knew. He somehow knew every name and every face of people they passed by in the halls and in the cafeteria. His name was often called as they walked by, and he would wave and smile like knowing so many people was easy.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu, on the other hand, had four friends, one of whom was his twin brother. He wasn't even sure if that really counted, or if he was desperate for the numbers.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It wasn't that people didn't like Atsumu; it's that they didn't even know who the fuck he was.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>If it wasn't for Motoya knowing literally everyone, and his brother's easy popularity with his cool demeanor and his easy nonchalance, Atsumu was almost certain that no one would even know his name.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Besides the librarian and his teachers, who always said he was a good boy. He probably should have been embarrassed that their praise rated so high on a list of experiences he's had since he started college.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu couldn't help that he was shyer than most of the people around him, and he felt more comfortable in small groups. Or hidden away in the library where people couldn't talk to him, and no one would question why he was so quiet.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He made sense in the library, not at a party with drunk college kids who smelled like sweat and alcohol.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Another person ran into him without even a wave or an apology, spilling what appeared to be milk but smelled like vodka down his shirt, and he couldn't help but let his bottom lip poke out in an exaggerated pout.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Motoya had convinced him to wear the stupid shirt, to begin with, it wasn't even his, but he still hated the stain slowly setting into the grey-cropped material.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The volleyball team was a team was a big deal at their school, it was their only sports team that ever won anything. The players were popular with girls and boys, and this party was just another celebration of the team by the masses.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu shuffled through writhing bodies to get to the kitchen sink, gingerly picking up the edge of his shirt to wash it. It wasn't even his shirt, but he didn't want to give it back to his best friend with an impossible stain on it. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It would be nice of him to wash it, and it would be responsible. Atsumu sighed again; those two words were always used to describe him, and never in a good way.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Hi, sweetheart." Arms wrapped around his waist, warm breath against his ear. "You're wearing one of our shirts, but that's not my number. Do you like Meian more than me? Do I have some competition?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu glanced up to look in the reflection of the window above the sink, even though he knew from the tattooed knuckles and the soft voice who it was behind him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Motoya's cousin, Sakusa Kiyoomi, was tall and broad, and his dark curls fell messily into his face from where he was pressed up against Atsumu. His pretty, white teeth glinted in the reflection as he nipped at Atsumu's soft earlobe when he didn't get an answer fast enough.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu felt butterflies in his belly as Sakusa's big hand spread from his pubic bone up and over his navel. His pinkie was close to Atsumu's cock, and he rubbed his thumb over his soft belly like he didn't know what he was doing.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu had always had the fattest crush on Sakusa ever since Motoya dragged him to his house in middle school and pointed out his older cousin with the roll of his eyes and his tongue sticking out.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It had been love at first sight, at least for him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It only got worse, unbearable, as they got older.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Somehow, Sakusa only got taller and bigger, and more of his pale skin was covered with black ink every time Atsumu saw him. His eyes got darker, and his mouth got slyer, and there really was no hope but to fall for him over and over again.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Whereas Atsumu stayed the same.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He was the same height, same weight, and the same silver-rimmed circular glasses that made his honey-brown eyes seem bigger and made him look sweet and innocent. He hadn’t changed much since high school, and he was ever aware of that fact when he was around Sakusa.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>So, the crush had been tragic from the start, but it only became more and more apparent as time went on, that Atsumu never had a chance in hell with Sakusa Kiyoomi.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Why would a popular, pretty, cool, award-winning wing spiker, ever even look at him? He was just his cousin's best friend and nothing else. Just someone who cheered too loudly at his games and tried not to flush red every time Sakusa seemed to notice him over the crowd.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi!" Atsumu tried to squirm away, trying to give himself a little room between his back and Sakusa's chest, but Sakusa refused to let him budge. "Yer here?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa's fingers dug deeper into his tummy, and the teeth on his ear got a little sharper. Meaner. "Why wouldn't I be? This is a party for the team. Did you forget that I play?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Like Atsumu would ever be capable of forgetting anything about Sakusa. It almost made him laugh to think about, the absurdity of it all.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>But Sakusa wasn't laughing, and his grip was almost painful.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I just-hadn't seen ya! I thought maybe ya went somewhere else to celebrate." Atsumu was quieter as he added, "That's all." He wouldn’t have been surprised if Sakusa had been invited into the backseat of someone’s car, or their dimly lit bedroom. He had been trying not think about it when he hadn’t seen him when he walked in.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The tension seemed to seep out of Sakusa's muscles as the tension disappeared, and the pressure dissipated. The grip on his stomach was no longer bruising, and Sakusa went back to dragging the tip of his nose back and forth through blond hair, taking deep inhales of Atsumu's strawberry shampoo.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Now that you've noticed me." Sakusa put them cheek to cheek as he stared back into their reflection. "What are you going to do?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>They held the eye contact through the window for a moment, dark eyes flicking down to stare at where Atsumu was nervously biting at the meat of his bottom lip.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Kiyoomi!" A pretty, high-pitched voice rang out next to them. "Come over here! We are-"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I'm busy," Sakusa raised his voice enough to be heard and then lowered it as he pressed back into Atsumu's smaller body. "I'm busy, aren't I, sweetheart?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The problem with having a crush on Sakusa was that everyone else also had a crush on him, and they were more popular and probably prettier than him too. It wasn't fair. How was he supposed to compete or stand out against all the others who were constantly throwing themselves at him?</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"If you need to go, ya can," Atsumu blurted out, mouth faster than his brain. "I'll go find Motoya or Suna; he told me he'd be here at some point."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Always so eager to run from me," Sakusa muttered under his breath before he stepped away. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu only had a moment to breathe, to get used to the lack of warmth wrapped around him, when Sakusa snatched his wrist and started dragging him through the throng of partygoers. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The rose on the back of Sakusa's hand looked good around Atsumu's arm, and he tried to focus on that and not the surprised looks they were getting as they passed and pushed through people. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>If the music wasn't so loud, Atsumu was sure he would be able to hear the jealous whispers of the rumor mill starting. He had never had any rumors made up about him before, and it seemed almost appropriate that they would start with his childhood (lifelong) crush.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi, where are we going?" Atsumu stumbled aimlessly behind Sakusa and wondered how his night had gone so wrong.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>So right?</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He was only supposed to make an appearance to keep Motoya happy, and he expected to eat some poor college excuse for snacks and sip on alcohol he didn't like until he could go home without causing any fuss. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He had done both of those things and had his ass ogled by some guy that looked vaguely familiar most of the night. It was the typical party experience, and he had planned to tell Motoya thank you for forcing him to try new things, but he absolutely hated it and was never going to go again.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Endless doors passed them by as Atsumu was dragged up the stairs and down a hall. It was quieter on the second floor, further away from the music and the drunken shouts. Atsumu was just about to dig his heels in when Sakusa pushed through a door on his right and then slammed him against it, closing it.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi," Atsumu breathed. He could feel how wide his eyes were as he blinked up at Sakusa towering over him, hands on either side of his head.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I thought you might want to change out of this wet shirt." Sakusa played with the hem of his cropped t-shirt, finger pads grazing over his skin again. "You wore the wrong number, so it gave you bad luck."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Whose number should I be wearing?" Atsumu asked genuinely.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The question seemed to stump Sakusa, surprising him, as he searched Atsumu's face for any amount of teasing. When he found none, he groaned and dropped his forehead to Atsumu's shoulder.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"You're teasing me, right? You have to be, at this point." One of Sakusa's hands dropped to Atsumu's hip, squeezing it lightly.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Teasing?" Atsumu felt like the drink spilled on him must have been absorbed through his skin. He had to be drunk. Either that or his brain was short-circuiting.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Did 'Toya tell you?" Sakusa scraped back pretty curls with one hand before it came back to Atsumu's waist, like he couldn't stand to not be touching for longer than a second. "He promised me he wouldn't, the little asshole."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu's mind was spinning, and he shook his head helplessly. "Told me what? Omi, I don't know what yer talking about."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"You don't know?" Sakusa's dark eyes searched his face again, chuckling when all he saw was Atsumu's confused tilt of his lips. "You drive me crazy, always have. With your pretty thighs, your soft-looking lips, your shiny eyes. Everything about you is pretty, like a doll."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi-"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I like you so much." Sakusa's eyes flickered down Atsumu's body, pausing over his bare midriff. "Ever since the first time you came over, chubby pink cheeks and sweet fucking voice. You reminded me of a little peach, and I wanted to take a bite out of you."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu thought he was just Sakusa's cousin's friend and no more. Sakusa gave them rides when he was old enough, and he never complained about being stuck with the two of them, but Atsumu just thought he was too nice to say anything.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It never occurred to him that Sakusa might have just liked him in any capacity.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Ya like me?" The words sounded preposterous on his tongue, but he could see how Sakusa's eyes glinted with a wild energy.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I've been watching guys and girls throw themselves at you for years, only to watch you either not notice or not care." Sakusa's expression flickered. "I thought I was different, though. You smiled at me sweeter, you looked at me longer, and you never looked at anyone else."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu couldn't recall a single moment of anyone even flirting with him, and he probably would have recognized if someone threw themselves at him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Or he would have shrugged it off as them being nice.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"But tonight, tonight has been different," Sakusa groaned. "Showing off skin, wearing someone else's number, trying to get away from me. You never let me get you alone, and I thought it was because you were shy. But now? Now, I don't know."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu held back a whine in the back of his throat because everything was happening so fast. All their memories flooded his mind, and Atsumu tried to pick apart where he went wrong and how he was so blind and naive.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Ya were my first wet dream I had when I was twelve," Atsumu babbled when Sakusa's gaze lingered a little too long on his lips. "Ya were my first crush and my-"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu stopped himself before he could further embarrass himself, but Sakusa wasn't having it.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa cupped his cheeks, looking desperate and on edge. He looked like a wet dream conjured straight from a trashy YA novel. It made Atsumu's tummy burn.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Your what?" Sakusa's voice was low and dangerous. "Your first crush, and your what? Open your pretty little mouth and tell me."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"My only," Atsumu exhaled.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa grabbed him by the back of his thighs and lifted him up, pressing him back against the door. His lips were as soft as butterfly wings as he nipped and bit along Atsumu's jaw and throat.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>His back muscles were shifting under Atsumu's fingers, and he could hear himself panting in the small bathroom. He felt fluttery and shy as big hands cupped his thighs and ass, and he pulled at Sakusa's silky hair just to give himself something to do.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"You're so fucking soft," Sakusa rasped as he brought their lips close together, close enough to brush with every word. "I bet I'll leave bruises all over you. Is that okay, sweetheart?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu nodded eagerly as Sakusa carried him to the counter, sitting him on the very edge and standing between his spread legs. It felt like every dream, every fantasy, that he's had since he was twelve.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I like ya so much," Atsumu admitted, voice high and reedy. He couldn't believe it was happening. That his feelings were being reciprocated. That they were here, in a bathroom, of all places. He didn't remember that being part of any of his dreams.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I like you more." Sakusa slipped his hand underneath Atsumu’s shirt, skirting over his skin, then gripped hard at his waist. Atsumu sucked his stomach in, spreading his legs wider. He was acting on instinct, he had never been in this position before, on the verge of something so intimate, with someone he liked so fucking much. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa cupped the back of his head gently before kissing him harder than his touch had prepared him for.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa kissed him with an ardor that made Atsumu’s insides melt. His lips moved against Atsumu's like he had been practicing the movements all his life like they already knew each other’s mouths thoroughly.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu’s lips parted easily, a silent permission to deepen the kiss.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa’s kiss broke him in half. A part that wanted to keep going, and another that was scared it was still a dream.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It was thrilling, and he had never felt more alive.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He was euphoric.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Their hands were everywhere, snaking up arms, sliding down thighs, curling in each other’s hair. The kiss turned voracious, and Atsumu could almost feel the shift in the air.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He sucked on his tongue and could feel Sakusa’s cock press eagerly against him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>This wasn't Atsumu's first kiss that went to Sun in middle school, and it wasn't the first one to make him want to cum in his pants; that one went to Kita in high school, but it was definitely his favorite. The one that meant the most, that made his cock throb and his heart flutter.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu pushed his sliding glasses back up his nose with the back of his hand, and Sakusa nipped at his fingertips. It made the hot burn of arousal even worse, and Atsumu felt so ridiculous that everything about this man turned him into mush.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa kissed his pouty mouth one more time before ripping Atsumu's shirt over his head without asking, his own followed right after.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Why would ya even want to do this with me?" Atsumu mused out loud as Sakusa's bare skin had his brain emptying of all rational thought. He dragged his hands over the flowers cascading down Sakusa's ribs, and the snake curled around his collarbone. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Everything about him was art.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Why wouldn't I? You're my little peach, there's no one else I could want more." Sakusa laughed, touching the middle of Atsumu's chest. "You're blushing all the way down to here, sweetheart."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa cradled Atsumu's face in the palm of his hands, his thumb brushing against his jaw. Everything felt real and intimate, and Atsumu didn't know how he was supposed to last under such torture.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"My pretty peach." Sakusa licked over his mouth, sucking on his bottom lip slowly.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi," Atsumu whined and nearly cried when Sakusa kissed the tip of his nose and pulled away.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He watched with wide eyes as Sakusa undid his belt, letting it fall to the floor with a heavy clang. Sakusa's cock was straining against his underwear as he pushed his jeans down. He was leaking already, wet splotches darkening the material. But his gaze was fixed on Atsumu as he stripped, shamelessly lecherous. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It only made Atsumu feel slightly better about the messy state of his underwear and how slick the tip of his cock was.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa nosed against his cheek, kissing him again before he pulled Atsumu off the edge of the counter and spun him in place. It wasn't until Atsumu was blinking at their reflection that he understood what was happening.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa was plastered to his back, his black eyes peering back at him in the mirror, and Atsumu could finally see his own blush. The sweat that was dotting along his hairline, and the state of his hair after Sakusa kept carding his fingers through it.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He looked a mess, but he looked like sex.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"This is just the first time, peaches." Sakusa grinned at him as he peppered kisses along his shoulders and back. "Next time I fuck you will be in my bed, spread out just for me, and you can be as loud as you want. Let the whole building hear whose name you call when you cum."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Yer going to kill me." Atsumu slumped against the countertop.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa unzipped and unbuttoned his too tight pants from behind, fingers brushing over his cock. Atsumu had no doubt he was doing it on purpose, just to make him moan and whine.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"But I'm going to make ya cum first."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa yanked his pants down, along with his underwear. Atsumu whimpered as his cock sprung free, bobbing at his hips. He had to look away from how red his face had become, too shy to meet Sakusa's gaze too.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa slapped his ass, fondled it, grabbed, and squeezed it. The flesh spilled between his fingers as he cupped him, and Atsumu could feel his cock twitching, and he could see it leaking a sticky line of drool onto the counter.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I'm going to cum," Atsumu whined miserably.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I haven't even touched you, yet." Sakusa kissed his nape as one of his fingers dragged over Atsumu's soft hole.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"It feels like yer touching me plenty, Omi," Atsumu snapped back before he heard a soft thud behind him. He tried to turn, but two hands kept his hips forward as he felt Sakusa's tongue flatten over his hole.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu had no time to think about it  no time to prepare himself physically or mentally before he was spilling messily all over the lovely marble counter.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>When he could finally look up and see himself, he noticed the drool down his chin and how Sakusa's tattooed hands looked wrapped around his hips. His legs wouldn't stop trembling, and Sakusa never stopped licking into him. Every stroke of his tongue had Atsumu's cock twitching weakly, and he wondered why he had never dreamt of this.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The sounds coming from Sakusa's mouth were obscene.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He was sucking at Atsumu's hole like he was desperate for it, and Atsumu could feel the spit leaking out of him and down his cheeks and thighs. He was messy and wet, and it made the ache curl in his gut again.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Gonna fuck me?" Atsumu panted against the counter as Sakusa moaned, his tongue finally breaching the tight ring of muscles.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Who knew you could have a dirty mouth?" Sakusa pulled away only to push Atsumu's chest all the way to the counter and went back to spitting on his hole and sliding his tongue back inside.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu hadn't even meant for it to sound like dirty talk; he just genuinely wanted to know.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sakusa kissed the back of his thighs before leaning over and opening every drawer in the vanity. He ruffled through them, slamming them shut and going through the next one until his fingers found a half-used bottle of lube.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu tried not to think about who owned it and what they used it for when Sakusa slid one finger inside of him easily.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Warm and wet from my mouth, baby." Sakusa was panting against the small of his back, and Atsumu could hear him touching his cock with his other hand. "You're killing me. Taste so good, look so good. Been waiting for me?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu hadn't stopped blushing since they first stumbled into the bathroom, but his skin felt like it was about to blister with how hot his cheeks were. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I didn't think ya would ever want this with me," Atsumu gasped as a second finger slid in next to the first. The lube was cold and slick, coating his walls and making the slide wet and easy. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"You haven't been paying enough attention." Sakusa had three fingers in him, and both of them were on the edge as his teeth sunk into Atsumu's hip. "You don't know how many people would love to have you like this, but you're all mine. Gonna be my pretty little boyfriend? Cheer at all my games for me?"</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu thought he already did that, but he nodded anyway. His mind was caught on the word 'boyfriend' so much that he didn't even notice Sakusa grab a condom from his discarded jeans.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>When he did notice, he watched him slide it over his cock, hissing as he fisted it slowly. His cock was so pretty and thick, framed by a dragon curling up his thigh and hip. It was distracting, it was maddening, and he didn't even notice he was whining for it until Sakusa shushed him, lifting one of his legs up onto the counter so he could slide behind.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Boyfriend?" Atsumu moaned as Sakusa spread him open and guided his cock inside, pushing the tip in and stretching him wide.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Do you think I'm stupid, sweetheart?" Sakusa was looking at where he was pushing slowly inside, and Atsumu watched his face smooth out in pleasure. "You think I'd ever let you go after having you? Not a fucking chance."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu felt his walls clenching around Sakusa's cock, drawing him deeper and deeper until he was fully seated inside.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It was amazing.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It was mind-numbing.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>It hurt so good he could cry.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Fuck," he mumbled instead. "Feels better than I thought, Omi. Ah. 's big."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu hadn't had much sex in his life, at least not this kind. He never saw the point of it when it wasn't who it wanted it to be. He lost his virginity at eighteen and only had sex one other time, and neither of those felt like this. It felt like he could break from the pressure, and he suddenly understood why so many people kept trying to go back to Sakusa time and time again.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"You're going to make me cum from that dirty mouth of yours, baby, and I haven't even started." Sakusa didn't let him come up with anything to say before he felt the long slide of his cock inside of him as prickles of pleasure made him clench and shiver as the ribs of the condom rubbed inside of him and against his rim.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>His first two awkward fumbling tries at sex did nothing to prepare Atsumu for the bruising snap of Sakusa's hips as he fucked him. Every time he sunk back inside of him, Atsumu's vision went blurry, and hurt little sounds kept pouring out of his mouth.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Omi, feels good." Atsumu liked how wild Sakusa's eyes looked as he stared down at his hole swallowing his cock. He gripped Atsumu's thigh harshly, keeping it pinned to the counter, as he fucked him hard and fast.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Sweat was slick between them, and Atsumu listened to the slapping sounds of their bodies and sobbed as he felt the familiar tingle in his cock.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Like having me inside, baby? Tell me." Sakusa's cock was nailing his prostate with every other thrust, and Atsumu felt his toes curl in his socks.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Love it, love it so much." Atsumu's hand dropped to his cock, and he barely had to touch himself before he was spurting over his knuckles and dropping his chest down to the counter.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The new angle only sucked Sakusa in deeper as he praised Atsumu about how good he was, how tight he felt, and how lucky he was to have him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>The overstimulation felt deliriously good with every wet slide of Sakusa's cock in and out of him, the hot pants of breath against his ear making him moan and clench.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"'m gonna cum, baby." True to his word, a few strokes later and Sakusa's grip grew tighter as the rest of his body went lax. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>He looked beautiful in the mirror as he came. Black hair damp and messy, his red mouth dropped open in pleasure. It seemed like he was desperately trying to keep his eyes open so he wouldn’t have to stop looking at Atsumu’s face.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu could have cum again just watching him.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Can't believe I fucked you in a bathroom," Sakusa huffed even as his hips were still rocking against Atsumu's ass. </span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"Can't believe yer my boyfriend." Atsumu winced as Sakusa slowly pulled out, Sakusa's eyes dilated as he watched Atsumu's hole grip his tip.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I’ll make sure you never forget it." Sakusa helped him settle back on both feet, rubbing his hips and thighs from the strain. "You're never going to get away from me now. You're going to be sick of me."</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>Atsumu laughed, happy and full of butterflies.</span>
  <span> </span>
</p><p>
  <span>"I doubt that, Omi." </span>
  <span> </span>
</p>
    </div>
</div>

<div id="afterword">
  <h2 class="toc-heading">Afterword</h2>

    <div class="meta">
        <div id="endnotes">
          <p>End Notes</p>
          <blockquote class="userstuff"><p>And they lived happily ever after. Or something like that.</p></blockquote>
        </div>

    </div>

  <p class="message">Please <a href="http://archiveofourown.org/works/63779905/comments/new">drop by the Archive and comment</a> to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!</p>
</div>



</body>
</html>
